Update set-password-expiration-policy.md (#922)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/manage/set-password-expiration-policy.md

   
As an admin, you can make user passwords expire after a certain number of days, or set passwords to never expire. 
> [!Tip]

> > By default, passwords are set to never expire. Current research strongly indicates that mandated password changes do more harm than good. They drive users to choose weaker passwords, re-use passwords, or update old passwords in ways that are easily guessed by hackers. If setting password to never expire its recommended to enable [multi-factor authentication](../security-and-compliance/set-up-multi-factor-authentication.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, passwords are set to never expire. Current research strongly indicates that mandated password changes do more harm than good. They drive users to choose weaker passwords, re-use passwords, or update old passwords in ways that are easily guessed by hackers. If setting password to never expire, we recommend enabling [multi-factor authentication](../security-and-compliance/set-up-multi-factor-authentication.md).
```
